Terms of Service:

Introduction

Welcome to Winner's Table's website. We are committed to protecting the privacy and security of our users. This Terms of Service outlines the terms and conditions for using our website. By using our website, you agree to comply with these terms.

Services

This website allows users access to the Winner's Table competitive analysis and any associated resources. These services are subject to the terms and conditions outlined here.

Payment and Billing

    The membership costs $50 per month. This fee lets you access full features and services.
    Payment will be charged monthly to the payment method you provide during registration. This includes credit card payments.
    Your monthly subscription automatically renews unless you cancel your subscription through your account settings.
    You may cancel your subscription at any time. If you cancel, you will retain access to the paid services until the end of your current billing period.
    Any outstanding fees must be paid in full before cancellation. We do not provide prorated refunds for any partial subscription period.
    We reserve the right to change our fees or billing methods at any time. If prices change, we will notify you beforehand.
    You are responsible for all taxes and fees associated with your use of our services.

Acceptance of Terms

By accessing or using our website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. If you do not agree with any of the terms, you should not use our website.

Use of Our Website

You may use our website for lawful purposes only. You are prohibited from using our website for any illegal or unauthorized purpose. You must not violate any laws in your jurisdiction while using our website.

Intellectual Property

All content on our website, including text, graphics, logos, images, and software, is the property of Winner's Table and is protected by intellectual property laws. You may not reproduce, distribute, or use any of the content without our prior written permission.

Disclaimer of Liability

We make no warranties or representations about the accuracy, reliability, or completeness of the content on our website. You use our website at your own risk, and we are not liable for any damages or losses arising from your use of our website.

Indemnification

You agree to indemnify and hold Winner's Table and its affiliates, officers, directors, and employees harmless from any claims, damages, or losses arising out of your use of our website or violation of these Terms of Service.

Governing Law

These Terms of Service shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States. Any disputes arising out of these terms shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in the United States.

Changes to These Terms

We reserve the right to modify or replace these Terms of Service at any time. The most current version of the terms will be posted on our website. By continuing to use our website after any modifications, you agree to be bound by the revised terms.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or concerns regarding these Terms of Service, please contact us at zevtiria@gmail.com.
